# bluddi.github.io
  I was born on 7 September, 1964. According to Wikipedia, no famous people were born on the same day. I don't think I am famous, but I will be!  I had a happy childhood: kindergarten, school... I did not understood till now what was wrong with the school: whether I did not liked it or teachers did not want to teach me. But I was not the best pupil in the class. When I finished school I had to choose who I want to be. I thought, since studying are not my best side, I'll have to work hard during my whole life, and I decided to become a photographer. I started photography studies in professional college and graduated in with cum laud, My profession was: photographer - retoucher - printer. I was recruited to the Soviet Army, after college graduation. I served as an army photographer for the whole two years. I worked in a photographic studio as a photographer after the army from 1985 until the early 90s, when I made "aliya" to Israel with my family. I returned to photography in 2006 as a hobby and it started to occupy al my free time from 2007.  My photographs are published on various web sites and magazines and are getting high appreciation from fellow photographers. Among my partners are sport magazine DXL and other web-based publications oriented on body building. I like to work with studio lighting, to photograph sportsmen, models for glamour magazines and catalogues. I like to work with people and have great interpersonal communication skills. I would like to meet you too!
